Create readme (#51)
RockefellerArchiveCenter/library_project_scripting: README.md

# RAC Library Discovery Catalog System

A web application which provides the front-end user interface for the online discovery of bibliographic materials at the Rockefeller Archive Center.

## Dependencies

> * [Python 3.8 or higher](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Python 3](https://www.python.org/downloads/) (tested on 3.7 and 3.8)
```

* [Ruby 2.5.0](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/) or higher
* [Jekyll 4.1.1](https://jekyllrb.com/) or higher
* [Node.js 12.18.3](https://nodejs.org/en/) or higher

## Local Development

Install [git](https://git-scm.com/) and clone the repository

    $ git clone https://github.com/RockefellerArchiveCenter/library_discovery.git

> Install Node.js based on included `package.json` dependencies. From the project's root run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Node.js dependencies listed in `package.json`. From the project's root run
```

# RAC Library Discovery Catalog System

> A Jekyll web application which provides the front-end user interface for the online discovery of bibliographic materials at the Rockefeller Archive Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A web application which provides the front-end user interface for the online discovery of bibliographic materials at the Rockefeller Archive Center.
```

## Dependencies

> * [Python 3](https://www.python.org/download/releases/3.0/)

Reviewer: Do we need a specific version of Python 3? 3.6+?

Author: As far as I'm aware, the only portion requiring Python is the `makePages.py` script. So, unless I'm forgetting something, we don't need a specific version.

Reviewer: Well in that case I think it would be wise to at least specify which version we've tested this on. You've linked to 3.0 here, which I don't think we've tested on.

* [Ruby 2.5.0 or higher](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/)
* [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/)

> * [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)

Reviewer: Need versions.

> ## Local Development

Reviewer: This section can be shortened somewhat if you point folks to the `build` script, which wraps several of these steps in a single call.

> Install [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/)

Reviewer: I would remove this as you've already listed this as a dependency.

Install [git](https://git-scm.com/) and clone the repository

    $ git clone https://github.com/RockefellerArchiveCenter/library_discovery.git

To create the item pages in markdown, you must first run `scripts/make_pages.py` against your data directory. This script will check for ArchivesSpace resource record `.json` files in the `_data/resource/` directory. From the project's root directory run

    $ python scripts/make_pages.py

Once you have made item pages for each resource, you should install Node dependencies. From the project's root run

    $ npm install

> 

Reviewer: Move this first.

After making the item pages and installing the node dependencies, you can serve application.

    $ bundle exec jekyll serve

Once the application starts successfully, you should be able to access the application in your browser at `http://localhost:4000`

With the application running, in a separate terminal window you need to build the search index.

    $ node js/create-index.js

> You will need to recreate the search index after every update to the application code.

Reviewer: Explain why.

> When you're done, shut down application with `ctrl+c`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you're done, shut down the application with `ctrl+c`.
```
